c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\YahtzeeGame.exe
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\YahtzeeGame.deps.json
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\YahtzeeGame.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\YahtzeeGame.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\YahtzeeGame.dll
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\YahtzeeGame.pdb
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SFML.Audio.dll
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SFML.Graphics.dll
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SFML.System.dll
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SFML.Window.dll
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libcsfml-audio.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libcsfml-graphics.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libcsfml-system.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libcsfml-window.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libsfml-audio.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libsfml-audio.so.2.5
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libsfml-audio.so.2.5.1
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libsfml-graphics.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libsfml-graphics.so.2.5
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libsfml-graphics.so.2.5.1
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libsfml-system.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libsfml-system.so.2.5
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libsfml-system.so.2.5.1
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libsfml-window.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libsfml-window.so.2.5
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libsfml-window.so.2.5.1
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\debian-x64\native\libcsfml-audio.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\debian-x64\native\libcsfml-graphics.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\debian-x64\native\libcsfml-system.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\debian-x64\native\libcsfml-window.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\debian-x64\native\libsfml-audio.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\debian-x64\native\libsfml-audio.so.2.5
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\debian-x64\native\libsfml-audio.so.2.5.1
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\debian-x64\native\libsfml-graphics.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\debian-x64\native\libsfml-graphics.so.2.5
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\debian-x64\native\libsfml-graphics.so.2.5.1
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\debian-x64\native\libsfml-system.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\debian-x64\native\libsfml-system.so.2.5
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\debian-x64\native\libsfml-system.so.2.5.1
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\debian-x64\native\libsfml-window.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\debian-x64\native\libsfml-window.so.2.5
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\debian-x64\native\libsfml-window.so.2.5.1
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\fedora-x64\native\libcsfml-audio.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\fedora-x64\native\libcsfml-graphics.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\fedora-x64\native\libcsfml-system.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\fedora-x64\native\libcsfml-window.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\fedora-x64\native\libsfml-audio.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\fedora-x64\native\libsfml-audio.so.2.5
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\fedora-x64\native\libsfml-audio.so.2.5.1
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\fedora-x64\native\libsfml-graphics.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\fedora-x64\native\libsfml-graphics.so.2.5
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\fedora-x64\native\libsfml-graphics.so.2.5.1
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\fedora-x64\native\libsfml-system.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\fedora-x64\native\libsfml-system.so.2.5
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\fedora-x64\native\libsfml-system.so.2.5.1
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\fedora-x64\native\libsfml-window.so
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\fedora-x64\native\libsfml-window.so.2.5
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\fedora-x64\native\libsfml-window.so.2.5.1
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-x64\native\csfml-Audio.dll
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-x64\native\csfml-Graphics.dll
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-x64\native\csfml-System.dll
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-x64\native\csfml-Window.dll
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-x64\native\openal32.dll
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-x86\native\csfml-Audio.dll
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-x86\native\csfml-Graphics.dll
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-x86\native\csfml-System.dll
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-x86\native\csfml-Window.dll
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-x86\native\openal32.dll
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\YahtzeeGame.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\YahtzeeGame.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\YahtzeeGame.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\YahtzeeGame.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\YahtzeeGame.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\YahtzeeGame.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\YahtzeeGame.dll
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\YahtzeeGame.pdb
c:\Users\annam\Documents\GitHub\Portfolio\Level 6 Data Structures and Algorithms\YahtzeeGame\YahtzeeGame\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\YahtzeeGame.genruntimeconfig.cache
